let's see how the APA nest emulator
words that is a emulator which work with
platform life neogeo captain CPC one two
and three and title among others so
first go to the game menu and select a
viernes ps3 option + tax the runs pretty
well loaded into the folder FBA nest
I've been wrong in the hard drive up and
drive Esther nut so you can select
you're wrong from here for instance
let's run marvel vs capcom class of
superheroes okay it's loading the wrong
okay it's Lauren you can insert coins by
pressing select ok let's processor is a
good character
okay as you can see them later works but
is a better version so you can return to
the to the runs amen but you can select
I know everyone from here why because he
hangs up so my my advice if you want to
log another round go to the X MV and
reload the emulator ok
ok that's all my friends